There is actually a medical skill that the seniors of the medical sage do not know
I don't know the junior brother of the senior medical saint
Where are you now
Where is the junior brother of the senior medical saint now?
We'll have someone take over right away
The supper is the junior brother of the senior doctor
and
The reason why the senior doctor can come to see my grandfather
It's because the supper was just given to the senior doctor
Made a phone call
Instead of Liao Zhenwei
What supper is the younger brother of the doctor?
It's snowing!
You said that the supper is the junior brother of the senior doctor
Does he match?
Bah, if the supper is the junior brother of the senior medical saint
Then I'm still the senior sister of the medical saint
I admit that the senior medical saint was indeed not invited by me
But it can't be a late night snack
He is also the junior brother of the senior medical saint
Just laughed out loud
I said supper junior brother
It's like they don't believe you.
Well, according to my temper
Since you don't believe it
That's good, this disease
Who loves to rule
I die anyway
I don't cure supper junior brother
Give me back
Let's play a few games of chess
Kill him in the dark, okay?